DOM acts as an interface between JavaScript code and the browser, or more specifically HTML documents
that are rendered in and by the browser.

an HTML collection is actually a so-called life collection. And that means that if the DOM changes then this collection is also immediately updated automatically. So for example, if I remove this button here and I can do that by clicking inspect and then that will select that button here then all I need to do is to hit delete and then if I go back here to the console and try to read the allButtons again then you see that we only have eight elements in here while before we had nine

Now the same does not happen with a node list. So if I take this whole section here and delete it and if I then try to read all the sections then I still have the same four elements here in the node list. And that's because this variable here was created by the time that this section still existed. And it didn't update itself as I deleted one of its elements

//Now what we see here is that the element was actually only insert at once, now that's because this element here so message is now indeed a life element living in the DOM. And so therefore it cannot be at multiple places at the same time. It's just like a person that also cannot be at two places simultaneously, right? So what's happened here is that we first prepended the element and then we appended it. And what this appends did here was to basically move the element from being the first child to being the last child.

so basically it moved the element and didn't really insert it because it was already inserted here by prepend So what this means is that we can use the prepend and append methods not only to insert elements but also to move them.

this way of moving up and down in the DOM tree like selecting, the parent element is called DOM traversing.

an event is basically a signal that is generated by a certain dumb node and a signal means that something has happened, for example, a click somewhere or the mouse moving, or the user triggering the full screen mode and really anything of importance, that happens on our webpage, generates an event.

there are two ways why addEventListener is better. And the first one is that it allows us to add multiple event listeners to the same event. So, we could do this here again and simply change the function here. But if we did the same with this onmouseenter property, then the second function would basically simply override the first one. So, that's one advantage of addEventListener. And the second one even more importan is that we can actually remove an event handler in case we don't need it anymore.

//capturing phase
the event is actually generated at the root of the document, so at the very top of the dumb tree. And from there, the so-called capturing phase happens, where the event then travels all the way down from the document route to the target element. And as the event travels down the tree, it will pass through every single parent element of the target element. So in our example, here, the HTML element, the body element, the section, then the paragraph, until it finally reaches its target.

//target phase
As soon as the event reaches the target, the target phase begins, where events can be handled right at the target. And as we already know, we do that with event listeners, such as this one. So event listeners wait for a certain event to happen on a certain element, and as soon as the event occurs, it runs the attached callback function. In this example, it will simply create this alert window, all right? And again, this happens in the target phase.

//bubbling phase
All right, now, after reaching the target, the event then actually travels all the way up to the document route again, in the so-called bubbling phase. So we say that events bubble up from the target to the document route. And just like in the capturing phase, the event passes through all its parent elements, and really just the parents, so not through any sibling elements.

Dom traversing is basically walking through the Dom. Which means that we can select an element based on another element. And this is very important because sometimes we need to select elements relative to a certain other element.

The HTML is parsed, then the script tag is found at the end of the document, then the script is fetched. And then finally, the script gets executed. And this is much better.
